[RHIDP-7712]: Add configuration files reference to the Configuring title (#2257)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/con-application-configuration-file.adoc

= Application configuration file

[role="_abstract"]
The `{my-app-config-file}` file is the main {product-short} configuration file. It controls application behavior including URLs, authentication, catalog sources, database connections, and plugin settings.

The following are key sections in `{my-app-config-file}`:

`app`:: Frontend settings such as the application title and base URL.

`backend`:: Backend settings including the base URL, CORS origin, database connection, authentication, and cache.

`auth`:: Authentication provider configuration.

`catalog`:: Software Catalog locations and entity providers.

`techdocs`:: TechDocs builder and storage configuration.

`proxy`:: Proxy endpoints for external services.

`permission`:: RBAC permission framework configuration.

The `{my-app-config-file}` file supports `$\{VAR_NAME}` syntax that resolves at runtime from environment variables. You can inject environment variables through Kubernetes Secrets or ConfigMaps, which allows you to keep sensitive values such as credentials and tokens out of your configuration files.

You can provision the `{my-app-config-file}` file by using either the Operator or the Helm chart:

> * With the Operator: the Operator automatically sets `app.baseUrl`, `backend.baseUrl`, and `backend.cors.origin` from the Route or Ingress. Create a ConfigMap containing your `{my-app-config-file}` and reference it in the `{product-custom-resource-type}` CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With the Operator: on OCP, the Operator may automatically set `app.baseUrl`, `backend.baseUrl`, and `backend.cors.origin` from the Route in the default application configuration. Create a ConfigMap containing your `{my-app-config-file}` and reference it in the `{product-custom-resource-type}` CR.
```

This is done only on OCP on a best effort basis. Users can override these fields by creating their own app-config.

> * With the Operator: on {ocp-short}, the Operator may automatically set `app.baseUrl`, `backend.baseUrl`, and `backend.cors.origin` from the route in the default application configuration. Create a config map containing your `{my-app-config-file}` and reference it in the `{product-custom-resource-type}` custom resource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* With the Operator: on {ocp-short}, the Operator might automatically set `app.baseUrl`, `backend.baseUrl`, and `backend.cors.origin` from the route in the default application configuration. Create a config map containing your `{my-app-config-file}` and reference it in the `{product-custom-resource-type}` custom resource.
```
(Would it be appropriate to use "might" instead of "may"?)

Reviewer 3: ISG suggests "Use might to indicate possibility. To indicate ability, use can."

https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#m

> * With the Helm chart: set the base URL fields manually. You can inline your configuration in the Helm chart values at `upstream.backstage.appConfig`, or reference an external ConfigMap through `upstream.backstage.extraAppConfig`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With the Helm chart: set the base URL fields manually. You can inline your configuration in the Helm chart values at `upstream.backstage.appConfig`, or reference external ConfigMaps through `upstream.backstage.extraAppConfig`.
```

This is a list: https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhdh-chart/blob/main/charts/backstage/vendor/backstage/charts/backstage/values.yaml#L173-L174
